hi guys I'm Johnny welcome to another
episode in the kitchen with Johnny today
I'm going to be showing you how to make
pepperoni pizza bite
they're so good so so delicious they're
perfect for a party
and you get together so let me secret
ingredients so we can get started so
what a other you have three
options buy yourself some pizza after
your local supermarket go to a pizza
store and tell the guy to sell you want
pizza dough or make your own pizza I
will put link I will put a recipe in the
description down below how you can make
your own pizza I also have a video on
making pizza so there will be no problem
for you to make this recipe so they will
easily hear how Peroni
I have for mozzarella cheese these are
the muscle elastics
I cut them in three but you can also use
the block the cheese you might wanna you
you don't want to get a good mascara
that is nice and gooey and delicious
because it will make your dog starting
so here I have my my pizza dough that I
made myself I'm just going to flour the
surface so guys I put my motto in a
flour surface and I'm just going to roll
that out you can do this with a rolling
pin or or with your hands and I'm going
to form a like
like in a rectangle also because we're
going to cut this in 20 to 24 squares
I'm just going to fix this here so I'm
gonna cut this in squares I'm just going
to cut my dough in half and then I'm
going to cut them in half again in half
I'm doing the other side then just cut
it again by the Sun until you do nine
squares so guys the way this goes is
that you put like around two pieces of
pepperoni on the dough then you put a
piece of cheese and then if you want you
can put another pepperoni pizza on top
and you're going to close it you're
going to form a like an e ball making
sure you close making sure that you
don't see that pepperoni and the cheese
you know you can you can roll it however
you want
in a 13 by by 9 inch square pan that I
already have dumped some already so I
grew this and I'm going to bake them
there I will continue making mine my
picks apart and I'll show you what to do
so guys I already put my pepperoni pizza
bites in mind my baking sheet I already
broke them out and now I'm going to
brush each each of them with melted
butter and we're going to sprinkle them
with Italian seasoning just brush them
with melted butter and you're going to
sprinkle some Italian seasoning this is
just my own de remain you can put as
much or as little as you want
so guys I preheat my oven to 425 degrees
Fahrenheit and we're going to bake this
for for about 20 minutes until they're
nice and golden brown so guys I baked my
preparing pizza by for exactly 20
minutes and is how they look I'm just
going to take one to taste
look at that
that is just beautiful so guys I'm going
to show you again because I already ate
like three of them so I want to show you
let's take this together got a cheese
pepperoni
this is polgár
you can eat this
we have favorite marinara sauce and
you're good to go
so guys I hope you enjoy this quick well
quick if you buy your doll you know but
it's a little time seeing me because you
have to let the dough rise you make you
the pizza dough but this is so easy to
make I hope just you give this recipe a
try very subtly she is perfect for
get-together and if you enjoyed this
recipe give these beer a thumbs up show
me some love and you will see you next
time bye